Hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is a video on some inexpensive laptops
for students and I know you can get some
very cheap laptops out there for like
200 bucks that have Windows 10 on them
but those laptops I feel like they
wouldn't last for regular use for what a
student does day in day out putting it
out of your bag using it everyday those
are not good laptops I feel for students
so what I have in front of me are three
very well-built well priced laptops that
all do different things these aren't
competitors there's not going to be a
comparison of them it's just three
individual laptops and depending on what
you do as a student or what you want to
do with your laptop you might be
interested in one of these and I also
have a couple other side pics as well
but the three main ones are the asus
ux305 and the lenovo 320 s so let's
start off with the Acer first I've done
a full review of this thing before this
is a great device for students who want
to get a laptop for school but also want
to do some light gaming basically it's
an inexpensive regular looking 15-inch
laptop that can handle current gaming
titles reasonably well because of the
video card it has an MX 150 from Nvidia
which is kind of like the GT 1030 and
most current titles are very playable on
this machine if you want a more detailed
review I'll link my video below the
configuration with the MX 150 cost $600
and it's a great laptop for the money
now there were two things like might be
an issue for students first is the
battery life I'm only getting around
five hours of battery life for this so
if you want to bring it to school and
you have a full day of class you're
gonna have to bring your charger with
you the second thing is that it's not
super thin or light it's not like a
really thick gaming laptop but it has
some size to it now if you are looking
for something that's a little thinner
and lighter that is still a good price
point it's this thing Lenovo 320 s so
this thing starts at I think $550 for
the base model it's a full aluminum
build but the chassis has some flex to
it the bottom panel is easy to open up
for upgrading the RAM and storage the
screen is a little dim and the base
model isn't a 1080p screen it's not bad
though videos and pictures still look
really sharp at normal viewing distances
the keyboard is comfortable to use but
the keystrokes are little softer than
I'd like and there's no backlighting the
trackpad uses Windows precision drivers
which are really
and the battery life is surprisingly
good as well and getting around seven
hours but this thing comes in couple
configurations starts at around 500 550
depending on sales but great device for
students okay next up we have the ACS
ux302 the ux305 you in the past and this
thing is a surprisingly good laptop for
the money now it's not super cheap it's
700 bucks
this thing has great build quality and a
pretty simple design it has two regular
USB ports a USB C and a micro HDMI it
has a good screen 1080p matte finish and
it gets a pretty bright it also has a
nice backlit keyboard and windows
precision trackpad tracking is really
good on the surface it's just a nice
texture but the button clicks are a
little shallow they don't feel bad
though just really short travel the
speakers on this thing are really good
they're located on the bottom and I mean
for this price it's kind of crazy how
good these speakers sound they have
Harman Kardon branding but usually
having branding like this for a laptop
speaker doesn't mean anything they
usually sound very average but these
actually sound good
it still doesn't have strong bass but
it's a very clean audio and you'll be
happy with these speakers it is a 13
inch screen it's a little bit smaller
than the other two laptops I've
mentioned so far so depending what you
do or what you want to do with your
laptop this might be too small but if
you're looking for a 13 inch device
you're on the money the one thing I
don't like about this device is actually
the fan noise it comes on way more often
than you'd like it to and when it does
it's pretty loud and actually comes on
when you're doing very fun intensive
stuff like watching a YouTube video or
browsing the web it's kind of weird
because this is something that software
should be able to fix but it's been out
for several months and there hasn't been
a change so we'll see now for the price
for $700 it's not something that is for
someone looking for the cheapest laptop
right there are going to be cheaper
laptops on this but if you're in the
market for some of that's kind of
higher-end
like an XPS 13 or an HP Envy those are
like 900 bucks or more this thing is a
lot less but still a really good laptop
now the other thing I want to mention
this is not part of the three that I was
originally going to talk about is kind
of like an off pick so this is the Dell
Inspiron 13 7000 now this is a two in
one device I'm not a big fan of toon 1
devices I find that they're a little bit
of cumbersome for everyday use as a
student but I know that a lot of my
audience are crazy about tune one
devices just because they're so
versatile
this one's $650 and I think it's the
best foldable tune one device at this
price point now there's a lot of
inexpensive tune one devices and a lot
of them suck just they're not good as
laptops they're even worse with tablets
but this one is very usable in both
forms the keyboard in particular is
surprisingly good for the price it feels
like honestly it feels like there XPS
keyboard it's really good
trackpad is good it's a Windows
precision driver the whole thing has
excellent build quality lots of metal
impressive speakers for the price it's a
great two and one the two things that I
don't love about it though are the
screen and the battery life the screen
feels a little dim and I really wish it
was brighter because this is such a good
device for media consumption but because
of the dimmer screen you can't use it
outdoors readily and the battery life
could be better I'm only getting about
five hours of life on this thing but for
a cheap but well-built
two and one this is my top pick so the
last thing I want to talk about are some
devices that are well they're not really
on the table here it's kind of like a
theoretical device so right now the
eighth generation CPUs from Intel have
been launched Intel's coffee Lake and
those 8th gen CPUs are kind of trickling
down into all these devices and
everything is getting refreshed so the
seventh generation KB Lake CPUs those
prices are coming down a little bit but
there are some sixth generation skylake
CPU laptops that are significantly
cheaper and they're still available on
Amazon and some of those devices are
barely a year old so they're actually
quite new still it's just a matter of
perception of whether or not you want
the brand-new one that's coming out or
one that's a year and a few months old
okay
I'll link all this stuff below and I'll
link some sixth generation skylake CPU
laptops down below as well as some of
those have amazing pricing like this
five 10s that I have over here but yeah
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]